Remove unneeded files and relocate vignettes (#36)
Gilead-BioStats/gsm.core: vignettes/articles/gsmExtensions.Rmd

# Overview

> This vignette describes how to extend `{gsm.core}` by creating new "modules", including metrics, reports and shiny apps that can be run using the standard `gsm` pipeline described in these articles: [Data Analysis](https://gilead-biostats.github.io/gsm.core/articles/DataAnalysis.html) and  [DataReporting](https://gilead-biostats.github.io/gsm.reporting/articles/DataReporting.html). As shown in the [Data Analysis article](https://gilead-biostats.github.io/gsm.core/articles/DataAnalysis.html), the existing `gsm` data pipeline can be used to capture a monitoring 'snapshot' for a study that includes a variety of "modules" including [metrics](https://github.com/Gilead-BioStats/gsm.mapping/tree/dev/inst/workflow/metrics/kri0001.yaml) and [reports](https://github.com/Gilead-BioStats/gsm.kri/blob/dev/inst/workflow/reports/report_kri_site.yaml). 

Author: ```suggestion
This article describes how to extend `{gsm.core}` by creating new "modules", including metrics, reports and shiny apps that can be run using the standard `gsm` pipeline described in these articles: [Data Analysis](https://gilead-biostats.github.io/gsm.core/articles/DataAnalysis.html) and  [DataReporting](https://gilead-biostats.github.io/gsm.reporting/articles/DataReporting.html). As shown in the [Data Analysis article](https://gilead-biostats.github.io/gsm.core/articles/DataAnalysis.html), the existing `gsm` data pipeline can be used to capture a monitoring 'snapshot' for a study that includes a variety of "modules" including [metrics](https://github.com/Gilead-BioStats/gsm.mapping/tree/dev/inst/workflow/metrics/kri0001.yaml) and [reports](https://github.com/Gilead-BioStats/gsm.kri/blob/dev/inst/workflow/reports/report_kri_site.yaml). 
```

> This vignette provide detailed specifications for creating new modules, a description of the directory structure for the yaml workflows that comprise a module pipeline, and links to resources that can be used to configure study-level gsm pipelines that utilize these extensions.

Author: ```suggestion
This article provides detailed specifications for creating new modules, a description of the directory structure for the yaml workflows that comprise a module pipeline, and links to resources that can be used to configure study-level gsm pipelines that utilize these extensions.
```
